thank you for coming today my name is
Jim Joyce on the road vice president of
david CWA level 16 and I'm also the
sector vice president for David seen
anyway just Reno's the broadcast secular
the communication workers for American
and we're here today we go through two
unions many workers in this building at
channel 7 wabc-tv
that have been warning parking at fair
contracts totally compensate our members
for a business that is doing well not
only here at channel 7 that the other
own television stations across the
country and the ABC television network
water definitely part of our world
definitely part of yours is
how hard it is to deal with our
employers
strong union
raise the standard of living
this is the ABC has convinced the public
particularly
is that they said for American values
Wow
that might be true if they weren't doing
what they are trying to do to the Union
folks that work in this building at all
over ABC Union values don't include
laying people off stealing their
pensions while doing all the things that
ABC disney is trying to do so you know
i'm here because i represent about
175,000 them as a district 1
the Bronx that's a pretty tough
neighborhood
my neighborhood I learned when I was a
kid that when I'm holding a taxi in the
schoolyard that's what ABC is trying to
do right
everybody in this office in this
audience and everybody that works in
this building a bully attacks one is
truly odd go back oh and you get your
big brother au system well I'm here
Natalia and your big brother your big
sister is standing right here Big
Brothers and Big Sisters going to go
back to the school yard and make sure
that the bully burrows this building is
not going to each other the schoolyard
it's odd that I company that's so
involved with media with a
do this to some of the best you
walk and we will each other
reduce
without you being dragged out into the
public eye
settling accounts absolutely committed
to dragging this fight out into the
daylight we are not only intend to tell
everyone
point 3
we're also going to tell
what they are trying to do because what
they are
is trying to steal
all problems with ABC are exactly the
same
and I hope by set they're going not
about
this is a corporation that has
double-digit profit increases in the
last quarter that cell wall tree is not
flush but it's in great shape and
the same sign it
I find out
I hate that
the writers go for the last two and a
half year
start cutting jobs
and the other rageous proposals to put
on the tea so again thank you for
turning out today feel free to chat once
through fo members from the writers
field and other unions and we'll keep
you up to date with our bargaining
updates when we pursue them at the table
next Monday if you haven't signed up to
receive those updates you can go to www
ABC contract info water fair contract
and the company can't afford for a
contractor with us and the writers feel
thank you for turning out stay together
brothers and sisters
you